Sample Data Sets for Trellis Graphics

SUMMARY:
       These data sets  are  included  as  part  of  the  trellis
       library  and  are used in example functions and help files
       supplied with the library.  They  are  described  in  more
       detail  in Cleveland (1993).  The name of each data set is
       the same as the name used in the reference; to  find  more
       about  the  barley  data,  for  example, look under "data,
       barley" in the book index.

DATA DESCRIPTION:
barley:   Data frame with components: yield, variety,  year,  and
       site, giving barley yields (bushels/acre) in 1931 and 1932
       for 10 varieties of barley grown at  6  sites.   The  data
       sets  barley.exposed  and barley.disease in S-PLUS are not
       related to data set barley.
dating:   Data frame with components: carbon and  thorium  giving
       estimated dates of coral samples using two dating methods.
environmental:   Data frame with  components:  ozone,  radiation,
       temperature,   and  wind.   Measurements  of  daily  ozone
       concentration  (ppb),  wind  speed  (mph),  daily  maximum
       temperature (degrees F), and solar radiation (langleys) on
       111 days from May to September 1973  in  New  York.   This
       data  frame  is similar to air in S-PLUS (or library(data)
       in S), but has  a  different  definition  for  ozone  (air
       contains cube-roots of ozone).
fusion.time:   Data frame  with  components  time,  the  time  in
       seconds for 78 subjects to recognize a pattern in a random
       dot stereogram, and nv.vv, a  factor  that  tells  whether
       visual  and  verbal  information  was given to the subject
       (level VV).
ganglion:    Data  frame  giving  measurements  on  14  cats   of
       cp.ratio, the ratio of central to peripheral ganglion cell
       density, and area, the area (mm^2) of the retina.
hamster:    Data frame giving organ sizes in  73  hamsters  (log2
       grams):  lung, heart, liver, spleen, kidney, and testes.
melanoma:   Data frame giving incidence of melanoma (skin cancer)
       in  cases  per  million  population  in Connecticut for 37
       years from 1936-1972 and its potential  relationship  with
       sunspot numbers.  Components are named year, incidence and
       sunspot.
polarization:     Data  frame  giving  measurements  on  sunlight
       scattering  in  the  atmosphere.   Component concentration
       measures  particulate   concentration   (micro-grams/cubic
       meter)  and  babinet  is  the  angle  (degrees)  at  which
       polarization of sunlight vanishes.
rubber:    Data  frame  describing  an  experiment  with  rubber.
       Components  are hardness (degrees shore), tensile.strength
       (kg/cm^2), abrasion.loss (g/hp-hour); ts.low  and  ts.high
       are  amounts the tensile strength are less than or greater
       than 180.
singer:   Data frame giving the heights of  singers  in  the  New
       York Choral Society.  Components are named height (inches)
       and voice.part.

       All of the data sets from Cleveland (1993) can be obtained
       from  Statlib  by  email  or  ftp.  Send the message "send
       visualizing.data from S" to  statlib@lib.stat.cmu.edu,  or
       access  lib.stat.cmu.edu  by  ftp,  log in as statlib, and
       retrieve the file S/visualizing.data.

SOURCE:
       Cleveland, William S. (1993).  Visualizing  Data.   Hobart
       Press, Summit, New Jersey.
